bimini and stripe were once film stars
and appeared in the movie cocoon now
they retired from Hollywood and spend
their days swimming with tourists
watching the researchers at Disney
diving with the dolphins rekindled my
old desire to join me
ah
unbelievable
I feel like I'm taking part in an
underwater ballet
junk
unbelievable but sweets a pair of them
for most of the diet that was quite
unreal with scuba and though BCD is
quickly they said it's okay I think my
time is up but I'm going to push my luck
opportunities like this and we come once
in a lifetime and there's no stopping
sheer pleasure from a rather selfish
point of view I've men